slice an avocado cucumber tear a couple
of lettuce leaves and mix up a bit the
old fish Road with mayonnaise Bob's your
uncle preferably you'll to do this at
home with no wind I'll kind of try this
right so everyone put a spoon there now
you got you you got your little nori
they call it your seaweed and you want
to get about a palm full of sushi rice
okay put it in the center and push it
down and it sort of even it out there
you go a little bit less than first I
think now we're going to go in with a
bit of cucumber put me on a part of in I
mean look at the colors it out already
right so you've seen the easy part right
I'm gonna pop my prawns in now I've
secured them and barbecued them right
you can't temper them if you want the
fryin but I think it's a little bit
healthier
hold your porn there hold up don't worry
give it a good old tight squeeze there
by that tidy it up a little bit just
don't forget Japanese foods all about
three it's the moment of truth
look at her lovely colors nice sharp
knife
on there make sure you clean your night
off for everyone there you go I'm gonna
crack on with the next one right I've
got to do a little twist on a
Californian now Californian you have to
rice on the outside inside the old rope
I'm gonna bang in a little bit of pepper
mango nice bit of crab with chopped
chilli for mayonnaise lovely so now I'm
gonna do the fish okay which is probably
the most important part do you cry
haven't got a sushi knife maybe use a
fill it in knife lovely seafood a knife
dealer that's a nice bit right now for
the salmon same again you're gonna go
against the grain
that's our raw fish I want to flip this
baby over Bri background yeah I know
you're thinking what's he doing don't
worry it's gonna be all right first
things first put on mango on peppers
and crap make sure it's all even so it
runs evenly through you know you gotta
work fast for this work fast
bring it back there then I want to put
my fish on top yes and then squeeze it
on Wow getting that a nice little print
as well well that's quite nice yeah nice
delicious
you